Adds information about caching in MGT components (#12227)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/toolkit/components/person-card.md

## Authentication

The Person-Card control uses the global authentication provider described in the [authentication documentation](../providers/providers.md). 

> ## Cache
> 
> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > The `mgt-person-card` component retrieves the basic person data from the parent `mgt-person` component without calling Microsoft Graph. When `mgt-person-card` is used separately, it will retrieve the necessary data itself and cache it. The data displayed in card's sections is retrieved separately and is not cached.
> 
> IndexedDB|Cached data|Remarks
> ---------|-----------|-------
> `people`|Person's information|Used when `personQuery` is specified and its value is different than `me`
> `photos`|Person's photo|
> `presence`|Person's presence|Used, when `showPresence` is set to `true`
> `users`|Person's user information|Used when `userId` is specified or the `personQuery` is set to `me`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cache

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The `mgt-person-card` component retrieves the basic person data from the parent `mgt-person` component without calling Microsoft Graph. When `mgt-person-card` is used separately, it will retrieve the necessary data itself and cache it. The data displayed in card's sections is retrieved separately and is not cached.

|Object store|Cached data|Remarks|
|---------|-----------|-------|
|`people`|Person's information|Used when `personQuery` is specified and its value is different than `me`|
|`photos`|Person's photo|
|`presence`|Person's presence|Used, when `showPresence` is set to `true`|
|`users`|Person's user information|Used when `userId` is specified or the `personQuery` is set to `me`|

See [Caching](../customize-components/cache.md) for more details on how to configure the cache.

```
